Docsite (#199)
chanzuckerberg/cell-census: doc/python-api.rst

.. meta::
   :name=robots: noindex

cell-census Python API Reference
==============================

> AnnData
> ----
> .. autofunction:: cell_census.get_anndata
> 
> Open functions
> ----
> .. autofunction:: cell_census.open_soma
> .. autofunction:: cell_census.get_source_h5ad_uri
> .. autofunction:: cell_census.download_source_h5ad
> 
> Presence Matrix
> ----
> .. autofunction:: cell_census.get_presence_matrix
> 
> Versioning
> ----
> .. autofunction:: cell_census.get_census_version_description
> .. autofunction:: cell_census.get_census_version_directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open/retrieve Cell Census data
----
.. autofunction:: cell_census.open_soma
.. autofunction:: cell_census.get_source_h5ad_uri
.. autofunction:: cell_census.download_source_h5ad

Get slice as AnnData
----
.. autofunction:: cell_census.get_anndata

Feature presence matrix
----
.. autofunction:: cell_census.get_presence_matrix

Versioning of Cell Census builds
----
.. autofunction:: cell_census.get_census_version_description
.. autofunction:: cell_census.get_census_version_directory
```
